Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Why are you doing
Mayan bitch work, ese?
Jax: We know Calaveras
are patching over Mayan.
We want to know why.
You can’t kill me.
I’m a patch president.
I don’t recognize
your bullshit MC.
I guess Da raised
a little Irish pussy.
- [gunshots]
- Shit.
Go. I’m giving you
a chance.
Hey.
What are you doing?
You need
to put down the gun.
This is Stahl.
Status update.
Edmond panicked,
ran for the door,
Gemma shot him
in the back with my weapon.
I need a little help.
I’m on the lam.
Gemma killed my Eddie.
Son for a son.
No! No!
We’ll be heading back home
in a couple of days.
Luke’ll take point here.
Any news about
Cammy or the boy,
I give you my word,
you’ll be the first to know.
Kellan:
Wait until dark.
Mark him.
I want everyone to know
Cammy Hayes came home.
I needed Cammy to go away,
not to be splayed out
for public consumption.
Army Council sanctioned it,
felt the Nor Cal operation
had been compromised
by Cameron and Eddie.
- I’ve come for the boy, Mo.
- Why? Where you taking him?
- A good Catholic family.
- He’s already got a family.
I don’t want her
finding out about Abel.
Could you connect me
to Agent Stahl?
I got a line on a fugitive.
I went inside to check in Nate.
When I came back,
Gemma and the car were gone.
- She went home!
- Abel.
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Cammy Hayes took your grandson.
He brought the wee one
to me to take care of him.
What?
Abel’s in Belfast.
[heart monitor
beeping rhythmically]
Hey, baby.
Good morning.
Heart attack?
No.
Bad arrhythmia.
Knocked you
on your ass.
You stopped
taking your meds?
They make my feet swell.
Can’t get into my boots.
Fashion before health,
that’s my girl.
You need to get
back on your medications,
stabilize you.
Doc says you should
be fine in a few days.
[handcuffs clatter]
[sighs]
Oh, shit!
What were you thinking
coming back here?
I was thinking
I was going to see
my grandson.
You lied to me.
Sorry.
Where’s Jax?
I need some answers.
Hey.
How is she?
Still asleep.
I just had to
get out of that room.
Yeah.
Well, we should talk.
Okay. Yo.
So what’s going on?
I have to confirm
the tracker
with Serg today.
Pull the trigger.
Send the ten grand.
I’m making sure my mom’s okay
and then I’m heading north.
- I’m going with.
- And me, Jackie.
You ain’t doing this alone.
Bobby:
It doesn’t matter
how many of us go.
We’re gonna need cash
to pull it off.
Okay, these drugs
we took from the rednecks,
what are we looking at?
Steroids and Adderall
I can dump on the street.
The rest of it
is that HIV shit.
It’s gotta be peddled
to the clinics.
You should go to Lumpy’s.
See if he can
unload the steroids.
Juice:
Okay, I’ll call
the Chicken Man.
I’m sure he’ll gladly
suck up the Adderall.
Yeah.
Gemma’s awake.
She wants to talk to you.
- Okay.
- We’ll take care
of everything.
- Okay?
- All right, bro.
Hey, tell her
we love her.
Yeah.
Hey, Mom.
This is on you, too, Doc.
What happened?
The truth.
All of it.
When Cameron killed Sack,
he took Abel.
Feds weren’t doing shit,
so we hired a bounty hunter.
We got this a few days ago.
He’s somewhere
up in Vancouver.
We were just trying
to protect you, Mom.
Bullshit.
You’re trying
to protect yourselves.
He’s not in Vancouver.
The call I got last night
that triggered all this?
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Who’s Maureen Ashby?
McGee’s old lady.
Friend of the MC.
She told me
Abel’s in Belfast.
No, it can’t be.
Jimmy and O’Neill
saw Cameron get scooped up
as soon as he hit Belfast.
He didn’t have Abel
with him.
Well, then somebody’s
full of shit.
[alarm sounds]
You need to
take it easy, baby.
I’ll take it easy
as soon as I know where
the hell my grandson is!
Come on. Everyone out.
She needs rest.
We gotta call McGee.
No.
If O’Neill lied to you,
means Belfast could be
in bed with Jimmy.
McGee’s first nine.
You think he’d lie to us?
I don’t know.
But we got to talk
to his old lady again.
She owns a grocery store
a block away from
the Belfast clubhouse.
She wants to see you.
Jax goes to Belfast,
stones get unturned.
I know.
Bound to happen,
I guess.
And what happens to you?
I called Stahl...
made a deal.
Told her I’d sign off
on her bullshit story.
She takes death
off the table...
I get weekly visitations.
Supposed to turn
myself in this morning.
I’m sorry, baby.
Too old to run.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
What can I do
for you, boys?
I gotta little problem, Luke.
We got word from
a friend in Belfast
that Cameron
was spotted with the baby.
Before your Army boys
offed him.
If he was seen with a baby,
it had to have been
someone else’s kid.
How do you know?
I don’t know who
the friend is, brother,
but they’re feeding you
some rubbish.
So why don’t you reach out
to that O’Phelan bastard
and get us some fresh intel?
Consider it done.
When you talk to your boss,
you let him know
if I find out he’s been
lying about my son,
I’m gonna track him down.
I’m gonna beat
the truth out of him,
and then I’m gonna let Chibs
cut him from ear to ear.
[Luke laughs]
There’s no need
to get theatrical, boys.
We know that’s
not gonna happen.
The safehouse is gone.
They’re stashing
the rest here.
- Our AK’s?
- Yeah.
[heart monitor
beeping rhythmically]
[knock on door]
Hey, Wayne.
Hello, sweetheart.
How you feeling?
A little stupid.
Join the club.
Thank you...
for everything.
I’m just– I’m just
glad you’re okay.
Sorry about Hale.
Kid shouldn’t
have gone out that way.
That’s why I’m here, Gemma.
Town’s worried.
Hey.
She’s been asking
about you.
What’s going on?
I was, uh–
I was just saying...
Folks in Charming
are struggling with SAMCRO.
I got a lot of people
looking over my shoulder.
I ain’t gonna be able
to run much interference.
What does that mean for us?
Means I got to be
a cop for a while.
I’m sorry.
Take care of yourself.
[door closes]
Oh, man.
Bobby:
When did Rupert’s close?
I don’t know, man,
but this whole block’s
gone derelict.
- What the hell?
- I don’t know.
Man:
Go get the bag.
Arms up. Arms up.
Lumpy!
Lump.
Oh, hey. John, take five.
Hey, Tig!
- Come here, brother.
- How are you?
Good.
Hi, Bobby.
What happened to Rupert’s?
Oh, Rupert’s closed
about six weeks after
the pawn shop folded.
And Leo’s about
a month before that.
They just went belly-up?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
They made them offers
they couldn’t refuse.
What are you talking about?
Some kind of
corporate interest’s
coming to buy up
the block.
- There, you got it?
- Here they are.
- We’re good.
- Cool.
Well, all I know
is some guy in a suit
comes by every other week.
Each time he’s got
a little more money
and a little less patience.
- What guy?
- I don’t know.
I don’t know
and I don’t care.
I sell this place,
I got nothing.
- All right.
- We’re good.
Okay, Juice.
Take it easy, Lump.
You hang in there.
Okay, good-bye.
Hey, Sean!
Hi, sweetheart.
Am I interrupting?
Yes. Thank you.
How’d it go with Luke?
He’s sticking to his story.
He’ll check in with Jimmy,
get back to us.
I got the number
for Ashby Provisions.
It’s eight hours
ahead in Belfast.
Should still be
somebody there.
You ready to make this call?
Yeah.
Good morning.
Glad to see
you’re feeling better.
Yeah, I’m the picture
of health.
I’m going to need
to speak with her alone.
I’ll be fine.
There’s not much more
this bitch can do to me.
Clay:
Don’t underestimate her.
She’s been demoted.
She’s desperate.
Hey, I’m in the room, kids.
Jax:
Yeah, we know.
We just wish you weren’t.
The family
that hates together...
I want to thank you
for turning yourself in.
Saves us time
and the taxpayers’ money.
Bullshit.
Any news on your grandson?
Shouldn’t we
be asking you that?
Well, we’re doing
the best we can
given the level
of cooperation
that we have received.
Dr. Knowles seems
to be a little vague
on what happened.
Well, I wouldn’t know.
I was with you being framed,
remember?
That attitude is really
not going to serve you.
You sound like my mother.
A wise woman.
I hated her.
And she’s dead.
Let’s just get
this deal over with.
Problem there.
What problem?
Well, you see,
when the U.S. Attorney
signs off on a deal,
it’s very specific
and very literal.
Now you were supposed
to have turned yourself
in this morning.
I came back.
It’s not my fault my heart
had a goddamn other plan.
I know, I know.
Look, I am just giving you
a heads-up, okay?
It may all go away.
Now, if you were
to speak with Tara
and refresh her memory
as to the Irish,
well, then I may be
able to help you.
I swear to God,
I will kill you!
- [alarm blaring]
- Easy, sweetheart.
We wouldn’t want
that little heart
getting all skippy again,
now would we?
You’re going to
have to step out.
Yes, of course.
Thank you.
[phone ringing]
Ashby’s.
Yeah, I was
looking for Maureen.
Not here.
Who is this?
A friend.
Who’s this?
A daughter.
Got a name, friend?
Do you know
when she’ll be back?
She won’t.
Look, it’s very important
that I talk to her.
So important
you can’t give me a name.
Just take down this number.
Just kiss my ass.
How do I know you ain’t
some bill collector?
Look, tell her
someone from Charming
needs to speak
with her again,
mother-to-mother.
She’ll know what that means.
Now take down this number.
Is this the van?
Yeah, that’s the Chicken Man.
Bobby:
High roller.
He’s a little paranoid,
so just let me
deal with this one.
Juan Carlos,
may I assume the stimulants
are in your backpack bag?
Yes, Chicken.
May I assume
you have the cash?
Yes.
Oh, would you mind
getting in?
Talking this way makes me
feel very conspicuous.
All right.
You’re a lunatic.
Shit!
You tell Clay
my bullshit MC’s
got some reach.
Chicken Man:
I’m sorry,
Juan Carlos.
I’ve run up a bit of a tab
with these Mexican fellows.
Okay, thanks.
I left word for
Maureen at her store.
Good.
We’ll get Gemma
to reach out.
Jesus Christ, what now?
What happened?
Salazar and two CL jumped me
in the Chicken Man’s van.
Jesus.
They took my cut.
All: What?
You let a goddamn
puppet club strip your patch?
Where were you two, anyway?
It’s on me.
- No, it’s on all of us.
- No. I let it happen.
Jesus Christ.
Clay:
Well, I think I know
where we might find it.
I just got off
the phone with T.O.
Bastard’s got intel
where the Mayans
may be setting up
their heroin shop–
Industrial park out by
the Make Hill bend.
You, Bobby and Chibs.
I’ll do it.
I can’t do shit here.
Let’s go.
I’m sorry.
Come on, hero, let’s go.
Let’s get you patched up, huh?
- That hurt?
- [groans]
Oh, hey.
What?
Salazar and his crew
never saw Tig,
but we might need more
than one unfamiliar face
to scope this place out.
You want to go
undercover, Chucky?
I accept that.
All right.
Tara:
You wanted me?
Yeah.
What is it?
Stahl came by,
threatened to take
away my deal.
Guess I didn’t officially
turn myself in.
But you called her.
She knew...
She’s desperate.
Pressing me for intel
on the Irish.
Your name came up.
She was in the room when
the FBI interviewed me.
I didn’t tell them anything.
Why don’t you tell me?
It’s what Jax said.
Cameron killed Half-Sack,
tied me up and took Abel.
Nothing you could
have done about that?
Had a gun pointed to my head.
What if it was
your baby?
What the hell does that mean?
If it was your
flesh and blood,
you would have thrown yourself
in front of a bullet.
That’s unbelievably cruel.
I did everything I could.
Everything except save him.
[sobbing]
How far along are you?
Six weeks.
No one knows.
With everything else going on,
doesn’t make sense.
You’re quite the secret
queen lately.
Yeah, well, I learned
from the best.
I’m assuming it’s Jax’s.
Yes.
Good.
That’s it?
Good?
For now.
Not exactly in
a position of influence.
[knock on door]
Margaret:
May I speak with you,
please?
I know you’re still
deciding about your leave,
but we have an
emergency gastroschisis.
Boy, 20 minutes old.
Dr. Namid needs an assist.
I don’t, uh...
I don’t think
that’s a good idea.
Well, if you have
a better one,
then you can share it
with his parents.
’Cause I don’t know how
to tell them
that we may not be able
to save their child.
[knocking]
Trinity, it’s me.
Hey. She here?
Making the deposits.
Oh, right.
Well, I might catch
her later, huh?
McGee, can I ask
you something?
Aye.
Who would my ma be
calling in Charming?
Well, that’s
the Redwood Originals.
Why do you ask?
Someone rang up the shop–
very mysterious lad.
Insisted it was important
for Ma to call back.
Right.
Uh, they leave a number?
Ah.
Right, well, I’ll run it
past her when she’s back.
Be good.
Tell your ma I come.
Aye.
And, uh, lock up, huh?
Followed one of
Salazar’s lieutenants,
two other Calaveras to
a janitorial supply house.
Been coming every day.
Madina Industries.
Now, it could just be
a Mexican day job,
but thought it might be
worth looking at.
All right, cool.
All right?
Thanks, bro.
Yeah.
Need us to back you up?
No, man, we’re good.
We’re good.
- Happy hunting.
- Yep.
Hey, man.
I’m here to pick up supplies
for my boss, but I...
I forgot all my paperwork.
All right.
You got a PO number?
No, I got nothing.
Uh, Hale Sewage Removal.
H-A-L-E.
Uh, it’s not here.
Let me go check the system.
- Be right back.
- All right.
[keypad beeping]
Serious security door.
Yeah.
Must be some expensive
cleaning supplies.
Bobby:
What?
[door buzzing]
Go.
Come on, come on.
Hurry up.
Take that.
All right.
You’re gonna take this
aisle to the right.
Act Mexican.
What do I do if
I see something?
You’re gonna come back
to that van alive.
Now, go.
[buttons on phone beeping]
[camera phone clicking]
[motorcycle engines rumbling]
Shit. Salazar.
Ho, ho, ho...
What are we gonna do?
They see us,
they close this place down.
We’re back to square one.
I’ll give Tig a heads-up.
[chattering]
[camera phone clicking]
Yeah.
Who the hell are you?
Hola.
Shit. I better find Chucky.
Man:
Bust this kid up.
- Oh, man.
- I didn’t do anything.
Shit, shit.
They just found him.
Guys, I didn’t do anything.
Leave me alone.
Guys–
[grunting]
[speaking Spanish]
[shouting]
Come on.
Come on!
Run.
Run!
[motorcycle engines rumbling]
[door opens]
Hi.
Kettle’s still warm.
SAMCRO.
They’re waiting for you
to call them back.
You better tell me, darling,
’cause now you’re messing
in my business.
- It’s got nothing
to do with you.
- My club.
My problem.
[chuckling]
You know, we know Cammy
took Jax Teller’s boy.
And there was no trace
of him when they found him
in the street.
And I know he came
to see you, Mo,
’cause he had no one else
to turn to.
Do you know where
that baby is?
Is that why you’re
calling Charming?
Look...
just tell me.
’Cause I can help you.
I love you, Mac.
And you know I would
do anything for the club,
you know that.
But this matter involves
the other half of my life.
I piss you off,
you smack me around.
I piss off the Army,
I end up with my head
squeezed off by a razor wire.
I’m sorry, darling.
I have nothing to say.
You said plenty.
[door opens and closes]
So Chucky saw a couple Mayans
guarding a door
inside the warehouse.
Then Salazar and
the CL rolled up.
Chucky got roughed
up a little bit.
You think they’re onto us?
I don’t think so.
No.
Well, we know where
the Mexicans are cutting
and bagging the heroin.
And when they’re shipping.
I took a pic of
the distribution schedule.
There’s deliveries
to Stockton Prison
every week.
Next one–
tomorrow afternoon.
[cell phone ringing]
Clay:
Nice.
Belfast.
Gemma:
I got your message.
I’m calling from
a house line.
Okay.
Was that JT’s boy
that called the shop?
My boy.
Yes.
I understand you’ve
made contact with
someone else we know.
Aye, I have.
How can I be sure of that?
He’s a fighter.
Scar on his belly.
What was he wearing?
Cheap onesie.
Blue hat, white pompom.
Where is he?
Abel’s with a friend.
I’m not sure how much longer
he can keep him safe.
That’s all
I can say right now.
Boy needs his da.
[phone clicks]
What did she say?
We got to get to Belfast.
I’ll finish
those books, darling.
How was your phone call?
What did you hear?
You were talking about a baby.
Like he was missing
or something.
Who’s the friend
that has him?
Is it Uncle Kel?
You already know too much.
Damn it, Ma.
I’m not a child.
Tell me the truth.
Members from
the original charter
are coming out here soon.
You’ll have more truth
than you can handle.
[door closes]
What are you doing?
You guys are good.
Where is this from?
Where is your grandson,
Gemma?
I don’t know.
You may want to learn
to be more cooperative.
Clay:
Not gonna let
your gash boss
give my old lady
a heart attack.
I’m going in.
It’s okay.
Come on in, gentlemen.
You should hear this,
as well.
[door closes]
The U.S. Attorney has
refused to honor the deal.
Says he has no proof
that you were actually
going to turn yourself in.
You lying piece of shit.
Hey, hey, hey,
don’t shoot the messenger.
Between you and me,
I think he’s going
to press you
real hard for intel
on the club.
Which means you either
give up your boys
or your boys give up you.
Have a nice life.
[sobbing]
How’d it go?
As expected.
Fine.
You’re still in one piece.
Well, I’m not that
fragile, baby.
And Gemma’s all bark.
I heard it went well.
Thank you.
There were
two other surgeons
qualified to assist
with that procedure.
Not with your skill.
What are you doing?
Protecting this hospital.
Consider your request
for a leave denied.
Hurry up, lads, will you?
That’s all the AK’s, Luke.
[engine starts]
[ignition sputtering]
It’s not starting.
Piece of British shit.
Check the battery.
[grunts]
Jesus Christ, Jax!
You and Jimmy lied to me.
You’re making a grave mistake.
Who has my son?
Is it Jimmy?
Why is he doing this?
I don’t know.
I do.
- [gun cocks]
- Jax, no!
[monitor beeping steadily]
Sorry, baby.
Should’ve listened to you,
went up north.
It’s okay.
You just get some sleep.
We’ll make it all right.
[sighs]
[knocks]
What the hell are
you doing here?
Put the gun away.
How did you get my address?
ATF took away your
shiny black sedan,
making you drive
your own car.
Juice is hacking DMV now?
What do you want?
A deal.
What the hell
is he doing here?
Hey, just go back to bed, okay?
He shouldn’t be here, June!
Why don’t you shout
it a little louder?
Now, I am handling it.
Please go back to bed.
Bringing your work
home with you, huh?
I never seem to learn.
You got five minutes.
Your career’s
taken a huge hit.
Booted off the Irish,
stripped of your team.
We both know you’re
looking at a transfer
to some left-for-dead
field office.
This is what you came
here to tell me?
Not only can I give
you your career back,
I can make you
an ATF legend.
The agent who single-handedly
broke the real IRA
NorCal terrorist threat.
I’ll hand-deliver
Jimmy O’Phelan.
Give you the names
of his real IRA contacts,
and my sworn statement.
Everything you need to know
about the gun-running.
And what do you want?
My son, my mother,
and my club.
And how am I supposed
to deliver those things, hmm?
No witness from Zobelle’s
church party is gonna testify.
That just leaves the federal
automatic weapons charges.
With all the priors
that you guys have,
the U.S. Attorney
will never drop them.
We just want them reduced.
Short time.
MC’s got a bail hearing
tomorrow.
You need to slow that down.
We need a couple of weeks.
So you can get to Belfast
for Jimmy.
And I’m guessing that’s
where Abel is.
No, even if I could
push the bail hearing,
you guys still can’t
leave the country.
That’s my problem.
We just can’t have
the fugitive heat.
And your mother?
Your lie set this whole
nightmare in motion.
I don’t give a shit
what you have to do.
Recant your statement.
Tell some new lies.
Find a scapegoat.
Hey. You just set
that truth straight.
Immunity is a
complicated prob–
Immunity is bullshit.
Too many strings.
I want a statement
signed by you clearing
her of both kills.
[chuckles]
And I’m supposed
to just trust you, huh?
Just take your word on
this deal of a lifetime.
Guy who wants me dead.
Hey, my club finds out,
I’m dead.
My risk is just as great.
[sniffs]
And what makes you think
that I would actually believe
that the prince
would turn rat?
Luke Moran.
Jimmy’s number two.
Enough illegal weapons
to trip Homeland Security?
More than enough.
This asshole
has to disappear.
He can’t reach out.
No lawyers.
Or this all goes away
for both of us.
Terrorists don’t
get phone calls.
I’ll bring him back
to Hainey’s Pub,
put him and the guns
in his SUV.
We have a deal?
I’m going to need
to draw something up.
No. This is a simple trade.
I deliver Jimmy
and my sworn statement,
you sign off on the club’s
gun charges, and my mom.
Hey, I’m the one
that’s got to deliver.
You got nothing to lose.
It’s you and me.
We’re all we got, June.